I check.
I'm all in.
You can pay me later, I gotta go. Gentlemen.
Jessica, have I come at a bad time?
Well, Gerald, I specialised in troubled situations and when I left here at 7 PM this deal wasn't in jeopardy so I'm just trying to figure out what happened in the interim.
Says here that Cooper won't be staying on as Honorary Vice-President.
He wouldn't be around, it's an honorary position.
Well, I think you do because that's what's changed since I left, which means it's you who's been dealing in bad faith.
Well, let me make sure I understand this, okay? We negotiated a deal that gave you everything you wanted, Mr. Cooper signed it, and now you won't close until we take away the last shred of his dignity?
Well, that's not gonna happen.
Because I like Mr. Cooper and my firm doesn't operate in bad faith.
Well, first of all, Gerald, if you think anyone's gonna touch this deal after your bad faith, you're mistaken. Second, the way our agreement works is the minute Cooper signed the deal which gave you everything you wanted, our fee was due and payable, which is why at 7:30 I received conformation of a wire transfer from Espro indicating payment in full. So I'd say the ball's in your court, but the truth is your balls are in my fist. Now, I apologise if that image is too pansy for you but I'm comfortable enough with my manhood to put it out there. Now, get your ass in there and close the God damn deal.
What are you talking about? This is a memo about some fire drill on Tuesday.
You're the blue team captain, you get to wear a fire hat.
Because a charging bull always looks at the red cape, not at the man with the sword.
Dockery? He's Scatton's biggest client.
Consider it done.
Cheers.
Attorney. I close situations.
Truth is, I do it for the children.
Harvey. Lisa, I don't normally do this but, since we are celebrating, what time do you get off tonight?
Lisa, this was lovely but I'm afraid you have to go.
I hate to miss a workout and I really need to be in the office by 7:30.
I guess if I skip the gym, I can still get in by 9.
Because when you put two bullies in the same room together, things generally don't go so well.
My bad, Louis, I was out late last night and when I woke up, this is the suit your wife picked out for me.
You're not married?
What? Why don't we just hire the Harvard summer associate douche?
We need people who think on their feet, not another clone with a rod up his ass.
I'm an exception.
Can we please skip the recruiting? I work better alone anyway.
I must admit, he does make me sound very swan-like.
Louis, I apologise. I was out of line. Now, if you'll just let me text your pretend wife that I just made senior partner, I-, what?
Great, thanks.
Donna. We're gonna need to streamline this. Give each guy a hard time before you send them back. Give me a wink if they say something clever. Cool?
Another me.
Thank you.
Harvey Specter.
Harvey Specter, nice to meet you. Why don't you have a seat here?
Woah. What's this?
How the hell did you know they were the police?
You read a novel... in elementary school?
Then why'd you ask them what time it was?
We should hire you. Jesus, I'd give you the 25 grand as a signing bonus.
Unfortunately, we only hire from Harvard. And you, not only did not go to Harvard Law School, you haven't even gone to any law school.
I'd say you're full of crap.
Civil liability associated with agency is based on several factors, including-
How did you know that?
Okay, hotshot. Fire up this laptop. I'm gonna show you what a Harvard attorney can do. Pick a topic.
Although backdating options is legal, violations arose related to disclosures under RIC section 409A.
The statute of limitations render Sarbanes-Oxley mute post-2007.
That's impressive, but you're sitting at a computer.
How can you know all that?
Why take the bar?
Okay, look, this is all pretty fascinating stuff but I'm afraid I gotta get back to work. I'll make sure Serpico isn't around, waiting for you.
If you want this job so much, why didn't you just go to law school?
Let me tell you something. This isn't elementary school, this is hard work. Long hours. High pressure. I need a grown God damn man.
I'm inclined to give you a shot but what if I decide to go another way?
Move over. I'm emailing the firm I just found our next associate.
Alright. You're gonna start a week from Monday, here's what you're gonna do. First, no more pot, we drug test. Stop smoking now, you'll be fine, I assume that's all the drugs you do.
You read books, I read people. Potheads smoke pot, that's what they do.
You're Alber friggin' Einstein and you couldn't manage to get into law school, you think that's not from smoking weed?
That's another thing, you're never gonna talk to Trevor again. You're gonna ditch that briefcase and you're gonna get on a plane to Harvard and you're gonna learn everything there is about going to law school there. Did you buy that suit?
Let's buy some new ones.
Hey, Becky. You are glowing. I wonder why that is-, oh, yeah, it's the day they announce my promotion. Jimmy, have you lost weight? Steve-ooo.
Looking like a guy who came to work.
Excuse me, why are you scratching off the 'senior' off my door?
Who issued the work order?
Why did he issue the work order?
You seem to be enjoying yourself.
Donna! Someone's trying to have a little fun with me here.
So you're taking my promotion away.
I lied to him to get him to do the right thing and honour his contract, and you didn't seem to mind so much when you thought I got away with it.
One client doesn't make a firm.
Jessica, if you hadn't done as much for me as you have, I'd be heading for the door.
Mike.
I'm gonna have to let you go.
I just got reamed for lying to a client and if they find I out that I lied about you going to Harvard, they'll take away my licence.
Not now, Donna. Look, I have to put my own interests above yours. It's nothing personal. You're fired.
Are you telling me that if I throw you under the bus, you're gonna drag me with you?
You're re-hired.
Here's what's gonna happen. You're gonna give me back my promotion and that's the last we're gonna talk about this.
Because if you don't, I'm gonna go across town and join Rick Peterson. I'm gonna approach every client I've ever closed and I'm gonna take them with me.
I don't think you will.
Because you are obligated to notify them the second I lied to Gerald but you didn't. You put me in front of the board right now, I'll put you right up there with me.
Anything.
Anything but that.
I'm not saying we shouldn't do them. I'm saying I shouldn't do them.
Absolutely.
Your first case.
Pro bono. Sexual harassment. Don't tell anyone I laid it off on you and don't screw it up.
Easy, Clarence Thomas, just go meet the client. Hey. Didn't I tell you to get some better suits?
For how many suits?
What do you need my help for?
No, give me the update.
On the case. I don't get emotionally attached to clients.
I'm not about caring, I'm about wining.
I'd explain it to you but then I'd have to care about you.
What are you doing? Don't touch that.
You ride your bike to-... It's locked, okay? Come on.
No, they didn't. Nobody does anything as a courtesy. They sent those files because that's where they want you to look. Listen, being a lawyer is like being a doctor.
No, I mean you keep pressing until it hurts. Then you know where to look. Forget about impeaching the investigation, it won't lead anywhere, no employee's gonna testify against their own CEO.
Think. If this guy's done this once...
And if the people who work for him now won't testify against him...
You know what? Find subpoena personnel records of every woman who's left the firm during this guy's tenure.
Then what do you need my help for?
It's funny 'cause you should already know how to do both those things.
That's my suit guy. Go in, tell him I sent you and spend some money.
People respond to how we're dressed so, like it or not, this is what you have to do.
I don't. You're a reflection of me and I absolutely care about me so get your skinny tie out of my face and get to work.
Really?
Okay, I have two words for you. Absolutely beautiful.
Categorically stunning.
Really hot.
Jessica Pearson.
Donna, I need the-
Oh, also, I didn't have a chance to-
Marry me?
Excellent.
Good.
They don't want to hand over the files. You pressed where it hurt, you're looking in the right place. Did you think they wouldn't fight back?
Oh. My bad. I keep forgetting you don't actually know anything.
The idea is you make a move, they make a move. You go back and forth until one of you wins.
Then you're not as good as you think you are.
I'm all over it.
No worries. We're all good.
So they told me to my top investigator on.
What could I do? You were out of the country, I gave them ligament.
By the way, that dress.
Beautiful. Vanessa, why don't we do this more often?
Then why are we doing it now?
I'm thinking about you and me right now.
But I'm a gentleman. Besides, you came through on Dockery for me and I'm not one to forget a favour.
Mr. Dockery, you naughty, naughty boy.
Mike. Where are you at with the research for tomorrow's hearing?
You say you care about the client but if you keep playing footsie instead of finding me an argument, the client's gonna lose. I don't want to lose.
This is good. We're gonna have some fun.
You didn't think I'd let you come along?
Good instinct, I wasn't. But then I thought it'd be cruel not to let you witness my greatness.
No.
Other side.
Because the evidence lies within their personnel files, which they're conveniently refusing to hand over.
Please. I don't give a rat's ass about his employee's right to privacy. Sorry, that's actually unfair to rat's asses.
True, but was does carry weight is that an investigation of sexual harassment must be conducted without any duress.
The investigator and every person being interviewed answers to the CEO they're investigating. That is the definition of duress. It'd be as if your bailiff accused you of sexual harassment and you assigned your stenographer to investigate. Now, how likely would it be that this investigation yielded any fruit?
Well, I don't know, your honor, some people have a thing for the uniform.
But what if Herman did come to you, your honor, and you betrayed his trust by firing him under false pretenses?
I wouldn't trust you as far as I can throw you. Your honor.
It was your argument. I just framed it in a way that humanised the situation and brightened all of our afternoons.
Are you saying that I'm the fat guy? 'Cause I'm not the fat guy.
Yeah.
Clemenza.
I knew that you knew that I knew.
If they didn't, I did. Get it done by the end of the week. I gotta run and try my new client.
I'll do my best, Mr. Dockery. You got a nice serve there.
It's you having sex with a woman who isn't Mrs. Dockery.
You asked my firm where you're vulnerable to corporate takeover. That's it right there.
Your wife owns 10% of the company's voting shares. You've been seeing this woman and several others for quite some time, how do you think your wife's gonna vote after she finds out?
My investigator got these within a week. What do you think a motivated competitor's gonna dig up in a year?
I have a solution. Trade her your preferred shares, which have no voting rights, for her common shares, which do.
A fraction of what you'll lose if you get voted out of your company. John, I don't care if you sleep with every woman in the Hamptons, just give her the preferred shares.
I'm not interested in getting your business, I'm interested in keeping it.
Did you get through all those files in one night?
What d'you find?
Dennis. It's Harvey Specter. Did you have anything to do with the March 12th, 2005 files left out of discovery.
If they're here by noon, I'll believe you, if not, we're filing for sanctions. Threat of sanctions is better than filing for sanctions.
Shave.
What happened with the witness?
I'm glad to see that staying up all night doesn't make you act like a complete idiot. Now, go home and get some sleep, I don't want you waving that thing around during tomorrow's deposition.
Great. I just talked a witness into testifying.
Jessica, I've got higher profile cases, I-
And you've benefited from that ever since. Look, I closed the Dockery case, okay? And-
I gotta get to the Kendrick filing, where the hell is Mike?
Where you been?
The deposition's this afternoon. Before they get here, I want you to grill this woman about her background for anything they might use against her. You got it?
Make her tell you everything.
Everything.
Okay.
And she's not answering. Move on.
How the hell did you miss that arrest?
Did you grill her like I told you to?
Dammit, I knew it. Fix it.
So you're gonna quit?
What are you talking about?
Well, you go back to the witness's house and you get her to testify again.
There's always a way.
Because you screwed it up.
It's not my job.
Stand up for you? I put my ass on the line for you. But it turns out, you may have had the balls to get this job, but you don't have the courage to stick it out when it gets tough.
Isn't it. you've had one foot out the door since you got here.
I'm talking about that briefcase being locked in your desk. Yeah, I saw it and I know what it is. It's your backup plan in case this doesn't work out. You can make some quick cash and go right back to the life you told me you didn't want to lead. So if you want to quit, go ahead. But this isn't because of Louis, and it isn't because of me. It's because you're afraid you might have to admit that you're not as smart as you think are.
Hey. I get that you were upset that I was promoted before you, but if you ever threaten to fire one of my guys again, I am going to kick your ass.
Don't play dumb with me, all right. You fired Gary Lipsky in front of Mike Ross. What's so funny?
What?
You plan to fake employee to manipulate the associate. That's it.
That's not why I'm here. I know what you did.
You never worked for Devlin McGreggor. And you were never harassed by Mr. Hunt.
Look, I could tell you I've got the cancelled checks or the wire transfer or whatever smoking gun that exists, I don't. But I will and when I do you'll be going to jail unless you tell me what happened right now. I'm the guy you tell.
Here's what you're gonna do.
I see you came to work today. Nice suit.
Forget it. When I first started, Jessica rode me so hard I quit once a month. I just told you what you needed to hear.
Merry Christmas.
You know what to do.
In fact I did, and I think he might even be interested in pursuing a case like this.
Well, I was the best man at his wedding.
No. I think I've got some pictures, of us at the ceremony. Let's see...yep! Here we are, must admit, I...I look very dashing. This is me and his mother; the woman adored me. Here we are at his bachelor party, there was no strippers, it was lame. But he can't put guys like you away for sexual harassment and go to strip clubs now, can he?
The kid should be able to grow up without the burden of tuition hanging over his head, don't you think?
Because I figured it out.
I did it because it's my job.
I didn't smile. I was thinking of a funny joke. Look, we start on this tomorrow.
I wouldn't move your things into Wayne Manor yet.
Closer to him than Clemenza.
Clooney.
Of course not. I'm not a wuss.
I just got reamed for lying to a client and if they find I out that I lied about you going to Harvard, they'll take away my license.
Not now, Donna! Look, I have to put my own interests above yours. It's nothing personal. You're fired.
You're rehired.
No. I think I've got some pictures, of us at the ceremony. Let's see...yep! Here we are, must admit, I look very dashing. This is me and his mother; the woman adored me. Here we are at his bachelor party. There were no strippers. It was lame. But he can't put guys like you away for sexual harassment and go to strip clubs now, can he?
Wait a second…That time that…you cried and then I let your parents…stay in my condo?
Oh, really? And how would that go? 'Excuse me, when I was cheating for my LSATs, that was the guy who took the test for me'? Come on.
Scottie.
Married to the library?
Why didn’t you tell me Scottie was opposing counsel?
You’re obvious.
No, it isn’t.
You can do better.
What are you saying, he's another me? No one is another me.
I never said that.
He's coming back, and people are going to have to choose sides.
Sure. Support a man you never met over a partner who knows you never went to Harvard, knows you're not really a lawyer, and is keeping you on anyway.
An option worth considering, though we'd miss you. Not really.
Well, that's where I come in. Everybody loves me.
There was a thing once...with a guy. With a couple of guys. But anywhere else-
But I-
You think I like it?
Remind me to fire you.
For your information, The Spinners were one of the defining pop bands of their time.
C'mere lippy, I want to show you something.
Is that the same crack advice you gave Brockton Cosmetics and Drake Consulting and Nappi LLC? Because none of those companies exist anymore.
You know what, that's the difference between us, Alison. You want to lose small, I want to win big.
What happened with Judge Fullman?
What did you do?
How bad was it?
So?
It's recoverable.
Might have?
We're screwed.
Well why don't you ever do that to Louis?
That was you? He blamed me.
Told him it was me.
It's okay, I deserved it.
Do you remember when he was so mad when his cat peed in the corner of his office?
That wasn't his cat.
Let's get one thing clear: I'm not Charlie Brown, you're not Lucy, and that's not a football.
I called her. For business.
Okay, what are you, twelve years old?
I'm not robbing anything. Zoe and I are the same age.
It wasn't behind your back, you'd gone home already.
Like I said, it was behind your back.
We have breakfast at Nougatine and an excursion to ] that may or may not involve a new handbag.
You can never have too many handbags.
What about a hedge fund guy? It's big money.
].
Fine, if you don't think you can.
Well, it better be somebody like that, or Jessica won't give up on her early buy-in bullshit.
The very fact that you call it 'a sports guy' means it's a no.
There's no one I couldn't land.
That's his word against mine.
You knew he was coming here tonight?
I get it. You got the idea from ], when they crash the wedding to get to Trask Radio.
